Note that the MachineConfig for infra nodes is optional. (#28384)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/creating-infra-machines.adoc

rendered-worker-daa08cc1e8f5fcdeba24de60cd955cc3            365c1cfd14de5b0e3b85e0fc815b0060f36ab955   2.2.0             13d
----

> . Optionally, to deploy changes to a custom pool, create a machine config that uses the custom pool name as the label, such as `infra` in the example below. Note that this is not required and only shown for instructional purposes.  In this manner, you can apply any custom configurations specific to only your infra nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: To deploy changes to a custom pool, create a machine config that uses the custom pool name as the label, such as `infra`. Note that this is not required and only shown for instructional purposes. In this manner, you can apply any custom configurations specific to only your infra nodes.
```
